[Logs] Language updates (#9989)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/instant-logs.md

## Instant Logs on the Cloudflare dashboard

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login).

2. Select the domain you want to use with Instant Logs.

3. Go to **Analytics** > **Instant Logs**.

4. Select **Start streaming**.

5. Select **Add filters** to narrow down the events shown.

> The filters you can add are **ASN**, **Cache status**, **Country**, **Client IP**, **Host**, **HTTP method**, **Path**, **Status code**, **Firewall action matches**, and **Firewall rule ID matches**. If you would like to do filtering on additional criteria, leave us feedback on the form linked on the Instant Logs page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filters you can add are **ASN**, **Cache status**, **Country**, **Client IP**, **Host**, **HTTP method**, **Path**, **Status code**, **Firewall action matches**, and **Firewall rule ID matches**. If you would like to filter on additional criteria, leave us feedback on the form linked on the Instant Logs page.
```
